docs: e2e tests setup guide (#277)
OpenZeppelin/rust-contracts-stylus: GUIDELINES.md

    $ cargo test --all-features

### Running end-to-end tests

In order to run end-to-end (e2e) tests you need to have a specific nightly toolchain.
"Nightly" is necessary to use optimization compiler flags and have contract wasm small enough to be eligible for
deployment.

Run the following commands to install the necessary toolchain:

```shell
rustup install nightly-2024-01-01
rustup component add rust-src
```

Also, you should have the cargo stylus tool:

```shell

> cargo install cargo-stylus

Reviewer: You should specify version of `cargo-stylus`

Author: I'd like to have fewer places with version indication. Latest cargo-stylus usually works.

Reviewer: Fair enough.

```

Since most of the e2e tests use [koba](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/koba) for deploying contracts, you need to
install the solidity compiler (`v0.8.21`). You can do so, following these steps:
this:

```shell

> npm install -g solc@0.8.21

Reviewer: IMHO missing information how to install `npm`

Reviewer 2: True.... but I don't think we should teach people how to install every tool as part of this guide. I'm happy with just specifying it is a prerequisite. But @qalisander can decide what works best.

Author: It was an idea of @ggonzalez94 to use npm. I would prefer to have a straightforward installation guideline. And if user want to use `npm`, `yarn`, `brew` or `apt-get` he will decide. Wdt guys?

Reviewer 2: I'm in favor of npm, I just think that people can figure out how to install it themselves(or we can put a link to the official docs). But I'm happy just listing it a prerequisite :)

Reviewer: `npm` is fine for me, I think that we need to mention that it is a prerequisite and link to the official docs.

Reviewer: IMHO the best way is just to point that we require this specific version and leave link to this - https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/installing-solidity.html#

    $ cargo test --all-features

### Running end-to-end tests

In order to run end-to-end (e2e) tests you need to have a specific nightly toolchain.
"Nightly" is necessary to use optimization compiler flags and have contract wasm small enough to be eligible for
deployment.

Run the following commands to install the necessary toolchain:

```shell
rustup install nightly-2024-01-01
rustup component add rust-src
```

Also, you should have the cargo stylus tool:

```shell
cargo install cargo-stylus
```

> Since most of the e2e tests using koba for deploying contracts, you need to install solidity compiler v0.8.21, like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since most of the e2e tests use [koba](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/koba) for deploying contracts, you need to install the solidity compiler (`v0.8.21`). You can do so, following these steps:
```

Reviewer 2: Do people need that exact version of the compiler? Or are we of with `0.8.21`+?

Author: I remember that koba doesn't work with latest solidity version

Reviewer 3: It should work with up to `0.8.24` because that version introduces the `MCOPY` opcode, and `nitro-testnode` didn't support that at the time. [Issue](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/koba/issues/4) from the koba repo.

Now that it does, the fix should be pretty simple, since I had already added `MCOPY` on [this commit](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/koba/commit/607d36aae8ae43054d7215a1df7727ad3ad5f368). Probably only need to test with a newer Solidity version and that's it. However, there may be new stuff that nitro-testnode doesn't support.

cc: @bidzyyys @ggonzalez94

this:

```shell
curl -LO https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/releases/download/v0.8.21/solc-static-linux
sudo mv solc-static-linux /usr/bin/solc

> sudo chmod a+x /usr/bin/solc

Reviewer 2: Isn't it easier if people use npm? 
`npm install -g solc`

Reviewer 3: wouldn't that require having `npm` installed, as opposed to `curl` (which I believe comes in every UNIX system)?

Author: I would also prefer smth without external deps. But we have settled on official solc installation guide.

```

> To run e2e tests, you need to have a local nitro test node set up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run e2e tests, you need to have a local nitro test node up and running.
```
